hi today I'm going to be showing you how
to use set attack proxy to spider a
website and perhaps find URLs or file
locations within that website that you
weren't aware of because they weren't
disclosed publicly but yet they're still
available on the server so what are you
gonna do is I'm gonna go here into Zetas
hack prophecy and if you haven't watched
my previous videos on setting up zedd
attack proxy embedded in your network
settings to allow that attack proxy to
track to collect traffic or intercepting
traffic with set attack proxy and
modifying those requests and make sure
you check out those videos as well it
will probably help this video make a
little bit more sense but using Zetas
attack proxy to spider website is
actually very simple once you've loaded
your website under the site's tab you
just simply click on it and then down
the bottom you'll notice that there's a
spider tab and if you click the play
button that's next to the site name it
will begin to your spider the web site
and what that does is it goes out and it
follows all the links that it can
possibly find and this is a great tool
for helping to discover potential extra
login pages or an admin console it's
that kind of thing but if there's a few
settings that you should know about
before you begin using this and if you
can go to your tools and then options
and then down the spider on the left
hand side you'll notice that one of the
options is the maximum depth to crawl
and what this tells the Zap proxy
application to do is to follow links out
through this many pages so be careful
setting this up to a higher number
because for example if your site links
to Google all the sudden the spider is
going to be crawling all sorts of pages
on Google so if you just keep it down at
a lower number around 5 is usually a
good number if you notice that there's
extra sites that or extra pages that
you'd like to find that haven't been
explored fully and you can increase the
number from there but for now I'd leave
it at five or maybe even six so then
okay and then you can begin to spider
and you'll notice that this will go out
and it'll try to find as many different
cages as possible and you can then click
on one of those pages you can scroll
through you can open these pages in your
browser and it's going to continue
reversing through this website until
it's found all the possible features at
the depth level that you've set so you
can highlight this and copy them to your
value and when you find out what this
page
so in this case it doesn't do much
effect that is very helpful for finding
all of the different changes that are
located on the website be sure to check
out some of my other videos with I spill
more advanced topics using SAP and we
get into some other techniques such as
brute force and website logging or
scanning it site survey as well as fuzzy
thanks and be sure to leave a comment if
you have any questions